You're here.
Don't get me wrong, I'm here.
Look at your list.
The Beijing Story
If you are innocent
I'll give you a kiss
But if you're the mastermind...
I will also give an explanation to the unrighteous dead in the northern suburbs.
So until now
You still think I'm the mastermind.
Right?
Before everything is not clearly checked
Your suspicion is a thief.
No clear investigation.
Doubt
When you made me get down on my knees
As long as I spend all my family's money.
I have no complaints.
He said I cooperated with the enemy, treason, the political situation was certain.
But when I teach you what's called hard evidence,
After being a guidance physician
Have you ever had half a penny for your actions?
You do not know that I did this because of the so-called honor of the face of your Quang Lang king.
Right?
What about me?
Have you thought about how I feel?
It's such a dirty cell, why can't you even see it?
Because I think you're too big.
Is it a victim or a survivor inside and out?
Wait until I check it out.
Infernal Enemy
Why do you keep playing the maze like this? How long do you want to operate?
I said Tuyen Vu Uy Vu soon saw thousands of gay Spirit King died.
This is not a saying you can stay away from.
You'd better bully. You're not a hero.
If not
I'll never ignore you.